what's up guys last year i made a video
on some of the best tech gifts that you
can get for under one hundred dollars so
i tweet it out and i asked you guys if
you wanted me to do a similar video this
year and it turns out you guys are
really excited about it so this year I
wanted to do something a little bit
different and give you guys some of my
best tech gifts that you can get for
this holiday season so without further
ado let's get started first on my list
is the bowl see nfc-enabled bluetooth
music receiver this little guy will
allow you to virtually turn any speaker
into a bluetooth-enabled device if you
have an NFC capable phone pairing is a
breeze just tap your phone to the
receiver and voila even the music app
automatically opens and you can begin to
stream your music wirelessly phone or
computer go to phone or computer
bluetooth menu turn on bluetooth pin
code is 0000 phone one connected I cut
my teeth on wit now if you don't want to
go through all that to get bluetooth
audio you can just buy a bluetooth
enabled speaker next on my list is the
lugal egg portable speaker now don't be
fooled by its size this little guy packs
a solid and powerful sound your guests
will be shocked at the sound quality
coming from the speaker now if you
didn't see my review I will leave the
link down below so you can learn more
about it the next product really needs
no introduction they produce some of the
best portable cameras available today
the new GoPro Hero 3 plus black edition
will allow you to capture and share some
of your most memorable moments also
great for those starting a YouTube
channel definitely the hottest stocking
stuffer no doubts tablets will be one of
the hottest sellers this year but if
you're looking for a tablet that will
offer the best value for your money look
no further than the nexus 7 full HD
beautiful IPS display stereo speakers
pack with the power of android kitkat
you won't find a better tablet for the
price since you'll be saving money
buying the best portable tablet around
why not throw in the best accessory for
the nexus 7 eluga lake wireless charger
not only does it charge wirelessly it
also houses a 6000 milliamp battery so
you can take it on the go
you can also charge two devices at the
same time so make sure you check out my
full review a link will be in the
description down below one of the most
inexpensive stocking stuffers is
Google's chromecast at only 35 US
dollars it's definitely a win this plug
and play product is great for everyone
of all ages including grandparents or
late tech adopters let's step things up
a bit if you're looking to get one of
the hottest gaming laptops of 2013 take
a look at the msi gs70 20 d this bad boy
is badass it's design was inspired by
the f-22 Raptor stealth fighter
measuring in at less than point 86
inches and barely weighing in at six
pounds this 17 inch gaming notebook is
packing the latest fourth-generation
intel processor backed by Nvidia's 765m
graphics will easily run anything you
throw at it oh and you can also connect
up to three independent external
monitors to work watch and play at the
same time including 4k HD TV no matter
if you're looking to buy the latest
notebook tablet or phone a pair of nice
headphones are always a nice complement
hands down the best headphones for your
money are the kicker Kush these
headphones sound fantastic have a real
deep bass they are very durable have
comfortable ear cushion and the build
quality of solid in my opinion they are
better than the audio technica ath m50
and also for a fraction of the price too
here's a stocking stuff for that won't
disappoint it's the pebble watch after
using it for several months now I don't
leave home without it the ultimate
companion for any Android smartphone
user you add Tasker to the mix and you
have an outstanding experience that can
be matched last but not least we have
the logitech c920 webcam this webcam
offers one of the best optics at Full
1080p it has stereo audio with dual
microphones it captures great sound its
twenty step auto focus means you'll get
consistent clarity and detail so those
are some of my favorite tech gifts for
2013 I'll make sure and leave all of
those links down below also if you did
not watch my last year's video I will
also leave that link down below all of
those products are also good to buy this
year I highly recommend them if you're
not following me on to
make sure you do because this black
friday i will be tweeting out some
awesome deals at amazon and other
companies will be having so make sure
you follow me on twitter which i will
also leave that link down below if you
like the video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and we share this with all of
your friends and family until next time
adios and this thing is really really
cool take a look it shows the power on
the actual cable which is really nice
now when you plug your device in it will
actually show the current flowing
through into your phone